docs(dock-manager): add docking section (#1437)
IgniteUI/igniteui-xplat-docs: doc/en/components/layouts/dock-manager.md

});
```

### Docking

> When you start dragging a floating pane, a different docking indicators will appear depending on the position of the dragged pane. There are four main types of docking - root docking, pane docking, document host docking and splitter docking.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you start dragging a floating pane, different docking indicators will appear depending on the position of the dragged pane. There are four main types of docking - root docking, pane docking, document host docking and splitter docking.
```

#### Root Docking

> In this type of docking, the dragged pane will become a child of the Dock Manager `RootPane`. Depending on the root docking indicator position, the orientation and other properties of the root pane, the existing root pane will be modified or will be replaced with a newly created one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this type of docking while dragging a pane, four arrow docking indicators will appear close to the four edges of the dock manager. Once released, the dragged pane will become a direct child of the Dock Manager's `RootPane`. Visually, the newly docked pane will snap into place at the respective edge and occupy up to half of the dock manager's width or height, shifting all the other content to the other half.
```

<img class="responsive-img" src="../../images/dockmanager-root-docking.jpg"/>

#### Pane Docking

> Docking indicators will appear in the center of a content pane or tab group pane when dragging the floating pane over it. Depending on the docking indicator position, the orientation and other properties of the target pane, the dragged pane will either become a child of the target pane's parent split pane, the target pane will be replaced with a newly created split pane or a tab group pane will be created.

Reviewer: "Depending on the docking indicator position, the orientation and other properties of the target pane, the dragged pane will either become a child of the target pane's parent split pane, the target pane will be replaced with a newly created split pane or a tab group pane will be created."
This whole statement doesn't correspond to docking into a CP/TGP.

> Docking indicators will appear in the center of a content pane or tab group pane when dragging the floating pane over it. Depending on the docking indicator position, the orientation and other properties of the target pane, the dragged pane will either become a child of the target pane's parent split pane, the target pane will be replaced with a newly created split pane or a tab group pane will be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Docking indicators will appear in the center of a content pane or a tab group pane when dragging the floating pane over it. Once released, the dragged pane would snap into place on any side of the target pane or get grouped together with the target pane to create a tabbed layout. Based on the combination of the initial layout and the dock position, the docking operation may cause the dynamic creation of a new split or tab group pane that would become the new parent of both the dragged and the target panes.
```
